LSL1-VGA: COPY PROTECTION ANSWERS

What taste treat is pictured to the left of the frankfurters in the Palamino Ranch brochure?
b) Tacos

What do the cowgirls have at the Palamino Ranch?
c) Jugs o' moonshine

According to the Palamino Ranch brochure, where can you see oozing paint pots year 'round?
b) Carla's Bad Caverns

Which of his cards does "Whose Whom" want Larry to use?
a) None

Which color is the line under the letterhead of the "Whose Whom" letter?
a) Red

What is the color of the sunset behind the cowboy riding the bucking bronco beneath the word "tenderfoot" on the Palamino Ranch brochure?
d) Salmon

According to "Whose Whom", Larry prefers his ladies' derrieres to be
d) Yes

The man on the cover of the Palamino Ranch brochure is about to
b) Draw

According to "Whose Whom", what does Larry Laffer do for a living?
a) Traveling software salesman

According to "Whose Whom", what length legs does Larry prefer his women to have?
b) Any length

The man in the little picture above the word "Activities" in the Palamino Ranch brochure is saddling up a
c) Fence

According to "Whose Whom", what kind of hair does Larry prefer his women to have?
a) Clean

How far is the Palamino Ranch from the Humongous Tetons?
d) 5 miles

How does the Vice President of the "Whose Whom" Direct Male Department sign his name?
b) Enthusiastically

In the small photo next to the word "spread" in the Palamino Ranch brochure, a cowboy seems to be hugging
d) A cow

Whose address appears at the bottom of the "Whose Whom" brochure?
a) Sierra On-Line

According to "Whose Whom", how well-endowed does Larry prefer his women?
d) Medium handfuls

What will the folks at the Palamino Ranch show the wimmenfolk how to do?
a) Pull taffy under the stars

Who is the Vice President of the "Whose Whom" Direct Male Department?
b) Adolph Muhweeny

"Whose Whom" thinks Larry and men like him are
b) Fabulouso, studly, and sensitive

The map that shows you how to get to the Palamino Ranch is
c) A pile of beans

Getting to the Palamino Ranch is easier than
c) Pickin' off a saddlesore

According to "Whose Whom", how old is Larry Laffer?
b) 40

The phone number for the Palamino Ranch is
a) 1-800-ZIP-DOWN

What´s not allowed at the Palamino Ranch?
b) Spurs

What kind of contest is held on Tuesdays at the Palamino Ranch?
c) Canyon yodelin'

In the Palamino Ranch brochure, the gal sittin' 'round the campfire is playing a
b) Guitar

What color is the dotted line at the bottom of the "Whose Whom" letter?
a) Navy blue

The address on the back of the "Whose Whom" letter is
b) invisible

Which one of the following is NOT one of the activities at the Palamino Ranch?
d) Cattle rustlin'

What´s for lunch at the Palamino Ranch?
c) Cornbread n' chili

The Palamino Ranch is available for
a) bar-mitzvahs

What color is the border on top of the "Palamino Ranch" brochure?
a) Blue-gray

The offices of "Whose Whom" are located in
b) Salt Lick City

The Vice President of the "Whose Whom" Direct Male department signs his name with a
d) Red fine-tip pen

According to "Whose Whom", what kind of credit risk is Larry?
a) Adequate

According to "Whose Whom", how tall is Larry Laffer?
c) Five feet, five inches

According to the Palamino Ranch brochure, Old Faceful erupts every
a) 35 minutes